= RELEASE HISTORY

== 0.3.3 | 2012-02-01

This release adds support for the new 'stdout' and 'stderr' fields.
As tests are run $stdout and $stderr are captured and included in
the TAP-Y/J stream. This prevents the structured streams from being
corrupted and provide some nice report options too.

Changes:

* Add support for stdout and stderr capturing.


== 0.3.2 | 2011-11-08

This release add support for the new TAP-Y/J 'class' field, and removes
the class name from the message field. It also fixes a bug that
arose with certain versions of Ruby's YAML.load_documents implementation.

Changes:

* Work around Ruby's YAML.load_documents issue.
* Add dependency for MiniTest.
* Support TAP-Y/J class field.
* Remove class name from message field.


== 0.3.1 | 2011-10-18

This release includes two basic improvements: better backtrace filtering,
and file fields given relative to current working directory instead of
absolute paths. In future maybe this can be configurable, if someone makes
the case that absolute paths are needed.

Changes:

* Improve backtrace filtering.
* Make file fields relative to working directory.


== 0.3.0 | 2011-10-09

Support version 3 of TAP-Y/J spec. This simply entailed renaming
the `tally` document to `final`.

Changes:

* Support revision 3 of TAP-Y/J.


== 0.2.0 | 2011-10-07

This release adjusts how the customer reporter classes
should be used. It's actually a very minor release under 
the hood.

Changes:

* Adjust usage documentation.


== 0.1.0 | 2011-10-06

This is the first release of MiniTap, a TAP-Y/J reporter
for the MiniTest test framework.

Changes:

* First Release Day!
